moving on to the tail fan what I like to
do is completely expose the swamp that's
only you know from the rock there
just open that up completely
horizontally across the
my last joint
I take
there's slide your knife across the top
of the ends of these feathers here the
ends of the large tail feathers lay in a
row as you'll see with my knife is
pointing and I just cut down each side
to the middle and then break that and
join it over you'll see that that very
last joint will lay against there then
I'll turn the fan over pull that flesh
down like you see if they're making
another horizontal cut now to cut clear
down through the skin but to going to
cut down to where the meat stops and
then the game you're just shaving the
meat the flesh from the ends in those
quills now you don't have to get all the
flesh but if you're curing will do much
better if you get once you have that
meat shaved away and take your knife and
just pull through that
once you have it a little flash the moon
there this particular fan here has a
little flash up on the back you can you
really don't have to know if it it will
peel off there just like that once you
get more axon even though there's a
little meat on it it's going to cure it
anyway pick the borax real liberally and
just coat all the fluids that you see
there or in the skin that's exposed with
any fluid just kind of rub that in turn
it over and do the same thing on the
back side of the thing just working in
there
once you once you've done that you have
stopped the decomposition of the of the
fan and the drying process has started
you can either hang your fan up or you
know we'll buy a pair of custom feathers
I will cover how to do hang a fan up in
a later episode for you wing bone coal
makers out there I want to share a
little technique with you
love you guys aren't in this but in case
you don't after you've removed that bone
from the wing you'd like to remove the
flesh I like to grab that flesh and hold
the elbow down on the table here just
take my knife and follow the contour of
the bone
just to lay that off there like to have
turn the phone over go back
standing there waiting up on its elbow
again and then take the knife cut down
the radius on the bones you can start
your process